# ;; -*- mode: org; coding: utf-8 -*-

#+TITLE: Kisê NEWS

* ( news )

** ( 3 Mar 2014 ) Kisê version 0.9.4 is out!

Kisê version 0.9.4 is out! This release is the first that implements
the long promised import/unimport functionality. In its current
implementation, it allows to add, remove and re-import other user's
kisê database. A version which will let users export an active filter
based subset of their time keeping entries is under work. The database
schema has been modified, you will be offered to automatically migrate
yours: if you are already using Kisê, make a backup of your
database(s) [you never can be too careful]. Imported databases are
automatically associated with a colour, which allows the user to
visually distinguish imported time keeping entries from one another
and from his own entries.

Other than that, known bugs have been fixed [see org/kise-bugs.org if
your are interested]. Finally, (a) printing: right marging set to
25mm, better logo positioning/resizing algorithm, when a logo is
specified [which currently still must be done manually in the config
file [~/.config/kise.conf]]; (b) documentation: very little has been
done, but for the record, the preface, the introduction and the
appendix [license] sections are now complete; (c) the menubar icons
size have been reduced to their minimum size, so that they all are
visible even in kisê's smallest main window size; (d) last but not
least: so far, kisê's web pages used a non free font, not good!
looking for free fonts, for quite a long time
[http://openfontlibrary.org/en/font], finally selected jura: quite a
few adaptations to kise.css and kisê's web pages, all done, we're
totally clean now!

** ( 21 Jan 2013 ) Kisê version 0.9.3 is out!

Kisê version 0.9.3 is out! This is essentially a known bugs fixed
release. (a) The combination of a date and one or several text filter
criteria, one of them at least using one of the & | ! [and, or, not]
operator was not returning the proper subset of entries. we believe it
has been fixed, but further tests and feedback are more then
welcome!. (b) Since version 0.9.2 Kisê's user configuration file
[~/.config/kise.conf] keeps track of its main window's position, but
this revealed a bug in the writing procedure, leading to Kisê asking
which database it should use, even when the user did check the 'please
reuse this database for future sessions' option of the open database
dialog: very annoying, sorry for the inconvenience, it has been solved
as well. (c) In a very specific situation, we believe no users has
faced it, the database name displayed aside the 'List of entries'
frame title would be incorrect. (d) Other then these 2 important and 1
minor bugs fixed, Kisê's user configuration file now also keeps track
of its main window's size.

** ( 27 Dec 2012 ) Kisê version 0.9.2 is out!

Kisê version 0.9.2 is out! In addition to (a) the usual known bugs
fixed, (b) popup menus [internal] signal handlers have all been
redesigned in order to resolve a performance problem. (c) Although not
yet available to users, the import backend functionality has been
added, which requires an update of previous database schema
versions. If you are already using Kisê, make a backup of your
database(s) [you never can be too carefull] and accept the necessary
schema update which will be offered through a popup dialog at first
launch or connect time [if you have several databases].

** ( 18 Aug 2012 ) Kisê version 0.9.1 is out!

Kisê version 0.9.1 is out! In addition to (a) the usual known bugs
fixed, (b) the filter criteria [fc] date field now accepts a range and
(c) fc text fields handle & | ! [and, or, not] operators, such as in
'demu & demi | dema ! demand'. This version now (d) adapts itself, at
launch time, to the user's Xft.dpi (X font rendering - dot per inches)
and/or resolution scale factor. (e) Filter criteria ON/OFF icons has
been redesigned. Finally, (f) quite a lot of little details in the
presentation, widgets sizes, tooltip text messages and status bars
infos have received some care.

** ( 30 Dec 2011 ) Kisê version 0.9.alpha is out!

Kisê version 0.9.alpha is out and announced for the first time on
guile-gtk-general at gnu dot org. This is a development release,
accessible to testers and developers only. On purpose, no tarball has
been produced.

